added new link (#7145)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/developer-faq.md

If you're not satisfied with our determination of the submission, use the developer contact form provided with the submission results to reach Microsoft. We will use the information you provide to investigate further if necessary.

> We encourage all software vendors and developers to read about [how Microsoft identifies malware and pua.](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/criteria)

Reviewer: As suggested (recommended phrasing):
```suggestion
We encourage all software vendors and developers to read about [how Microsoft identifies malware and Potentially Unwanted Software (PUA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/criteria).
```
(Also moving the period (dot) to the end, after the sentence and link)

> We encourage all software vendors and developers to read about [how Microsoft identifies malware and Potentially Unwanted Applications (PUA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/criteria).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage all software vendors and developers to read about [how Microsoft identifies malware and Potentially Unwanted Applications (PUA)](criteria.md).
```
Both pages are in the same directory, so this URL can be simplified significantly.
